
This project is inspired by compound protocol which is called a money market protocol.
Essentially, our DeFi-bank is used to calculate the interest on a given token balance.
Here, the calculation of interests is based on compound Interest. For this particular app, 
we are calculating final amount by considering 1% interest every second.


#Techstacks 
HTML, CSS, Javascript, Motoko programming language


Motoko Programming language is a new, modern and type safe language for developers who want to build the next 
generation of distributed applications to run on the Internet Computer (ICP) blockchain Network.

#deployment to the ICP Live Blockchain
For deployment purpose, we need ICP Tokens
so there are various methods to get this tokens
like, 
*Purchase/exchange coins with ICP tokens.
*Get tokens from NNS(Network Nervous System) through Voting
*Dfinity Developer Grant Program.
*And those who have their own data-centers.

All the above methods are not free of cost.
So, there is one free way to get $20 worth of free cycles.
Cycles Faucet: https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/quickstart/cycles-faucet/
Again there is some conditions are there like you should have more than 90 days old twitter account.
And twitter account has to be active over last 30 days.





















# dbank

Welcome to your new dbank project and to the internet computer development community. By default, creating a new project adds this README and some template files to your project directory. You can edit these template files to customize your project and to include your own code to speed up the development cycle.

To get started, you might want to explore the project directory structure and the default configuration file. Working with this project in your development environment will not affect any production deployment or identity tokens.

To learn more before you start working with dbank, see the following documentation available online:

- [Quick Start](https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/quickstart/quickstart-intro.html)
- [SDK Developer Tools](https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/developers-guide/sdk-guide.html)
- [Motoko Programming Language Guide](https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/language-guide/motoko.html)
- [Motoko Language Quick Reference](https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/language-guide/language-manual.html)
- [JavaScript API Reference](https://erxue-5aaaa-aaaab-qaagq-cai.raw.ic0.app)

If you want to start working on your project right away, you might want to try the following commands:

```bash
cd dbank/
dfx help
dfx config --help
```

## Running the project locally

If you want to test your project locally, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Starts the replica, running in the background
dfx start --background

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface
dfx deploy
```

Once the job completes, your application will be available at `http://localhost:8000?canisterId={asset_canister_id}`.

Additionally, if you are making frontend changes, you can start a development server with

```bash
npm start
```

Which will start a server at `http://localhost:8080`, proxying API requests to the replica at port 8000.

### Note on frontend environment variables

If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

- set`NODE_ENV` to `production` if you are using Webpack
- use your own preferred method to replace `process.env.NODE_ENV` in the autogenerated declarations
- Write your own `createActor` constructor
